README.md, before:

# @xkit-co/crm-link.js

## Installation

[Refer to documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-link#install-crm-linkjs)

## API

`linkCRM()`

| Argument  | Type     | Description                                                                                                                                               |
| --------- | -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `domain`  | `string` | The domain string of your Xkit application. This can be viewed and configured in the [Xkit developer portal](https://app.xkit.co/).                       |
| `token`   | `string` | The Xkit context token that is fetched from your application's backend. Refer to the [Xkit documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-link#context-token).   |
| `mapping` | `object` | The configuration object by which the user will map data from their CRM. Refer to the [Xkit documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-api#add-to-crm-link). |

| Return Type           | Description                                                                                                                 |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Promise<Connection>` | A promise that either resolves to a [Connection object](https://docs.xkit.co/reference/connection) or rejects with an error |

## Development

Run `npm run dev`. This will:

1. Build `dist/index.js` which can be imported into a React application.
2. Build `dist/browser.js` which can be injected as a script tag.
3. Watch for changes and rebuild the above when you edit and save the source code.

Commit message:

feat: Support working with multiple connections in CRM Link (#1907)
* feat: Support working with multiple connections in CRM Link

* fix: Remove unneeded key props from `search` action handler

* fix: Prevent creating nested fields inside nested fields

* fix: Continue if mapping argument is empty object

* Use third argument as options

README.md, after:

# @xkit-co/crm-link.js

## Installation

[Refer to documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-link#install-crm-linkjs)

## API

`linkCRM()`

| Argument  | Type                | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| --------- | ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `domain`  | `string`            | The domain string of your Xkit application. This can be viewed and configured in the [Xkit developer portal](https://app.xkit.co/).                                                                                                                          |
| `token`   | `string`            | The Xkit context token that is fetched from your application's backend. Refer to the [Xkit documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-link#context-token).                                                                                                      |
| `mapping` | `object`            | The configuration object by which the user will map data from their CRM. Refer to the [Xkit documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-api#add-to-crm-link).                                                                                                    |
| `options` | `object` (optional) | Options to set when you want to customize how CRM Link is launched, such as to edit a previously submitted mapping, or to pre-select a CRM for the user to connect. Refer to the [Xkit documentation](https://xkit.co/docs/crm-link#further-customizations). |

| Return Type       | Description                                                                |
| ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Promise<string>` | A promise that either resolves to a connection ID or rejects with an error |

## Development

Run `npm run dev`. This will:

1. Build `dist/index.js` which can be imported into a React application.
2. Build `dist/browser.js` which can be injected as a script tag.
3. Watch for changes and rebuild the above when you edit and save the source code.
